[docs] add explanation to why icons not cached by offline & manifest plugin (#22462)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-plugin-manifest/README.md

}
```

#### Using with gatsby-plugin-offline

There is an issue in gatsby where when you use this plugin with gatsby-plugin-offline, the icons is not cached.
The solution is setting your gatsby config with this

```js

> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// gatsby-config.js
{
```

   resolve: 'gatsby-plugin-manifest',
   options: {
      icon: 'icon.svg',
      cache_busting_mode: 'none'
   }
},
{
   resolve: 'gatsby-plugin-offline',
   options: {
      workboxConfig: {
         globPatterns: ['**/*']
      }
   }
}
```

> The `cache_busting_mode` is there since the query parameter cache busting would break workbox since it could never find the cached URLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating `cache_busting_mode` is necessary. Otherwise, workbox will break while attempting to find the cached URLs. 
```

> And the `globPatterns` is there so offline will cache everything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the `globPatterns` makes sure that the offline plugin will cache everything.
```
